[mlir][docs] Update documentation for canonicalize. (#99753)
llvm/llvm-project: mlir/docs/Canonicalization.md

*   It is always good to eliminate operations entirely when possible, e.g. by
    folding known identities (like "x + 0 = x").

> *   Canonicalization isn't a great place to put pattens with expensive running
>     time (i.e. have O(n) complexity) or complicated cost models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Pattens with expensive running time (i.e. have O(n) complexity) or complicated cost models
     don't belong to canonicalization: since the algorithm is executed iteratively until fixed-point
     we want patterns that execute quickly (in particular their matching phase).
```

*   Canonicalize shouldn't lose the semantic of original operation: the original
    information should always be recoverable from the transformed IR.

For example, a pattern that transform

```
  %0 = tensor.insert_slice %slice into
     %x[0, 0, 0, 0, 0][1, 1, 1, 16, 32][1, 1, 1, 1, 1] :
     tensor<16x32xf32> into tensor<1x1x1x16x32xf32>
```

to

```
  %0 = tensor.expand_shape %slice[[0,1,2,3], [4]] :
           tensor<16x32xf32> into tensor<1x1x1x16x32xf32>
```

is not a good canonicalize pattern because it lose the destination style

> semantic.

Reviewer: I don't know what "lose the destination style semantic" means, nor why it would be a bad canonicalization. 

I think we should stick to very obvious examples here.

Reviewer 2: This example was probably chosen because it could trip up the bufferization analysis (and cause less efficient codegen). Destination-style was originally introduced to help with bufferization and I think there is currently no consensus on whether such "hints"/IR structures should be preserved by canonicalization.

The reader of this section may not know about destination style. Maybe a better example: rewriting a multiplication into a sequence of additions?

> A pattern that transform (linalg.transpose is only use of %broadcast)

Reviewer: > (linalg.transpose is only use of %broadcast)

This seems to indicate that the canonicalization need to take into account the number of users, however this does not seem like a generally good guideline.

I think again this example isn't just an obvious enough one to be in the general canonicalization documentation.

Reviewer 2: This pattern would work even if `%broadcast` has multiple users. By creating a new broadcast instead of modifying the existing one in-place. If the old broadcast actually had only a single user, it would then DCE away. If not, we now have two broadcasts (which may not be a bad thing).

Swapping patterns/bubble-up patterns/bubble-down pattern are a common class of patterns. It would be nice to clarify if they are suitable for canonicalization.
